Add note about interactions in operators (#18124)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/null-forgiving.md

The null-forgiving operator has no effect at run time. It only affects the compiler's static flow analysis by changing the null state of the expression. At run time, expression `x!` evaluates to the result of the underlying expression `x`.

> [!NOTE]

> > The null-forgiving operator can interact with the [null-conditional operators](member-access-operators.md#null-conditional-operators--and-) in unexpected ways. In C# 8 the expression `x?.y!.z` is parsed as `(x?.y)!.z`. Due to this interpretation `z` is evaluated even if `x` is null, which may result in a <xref:System.NullReferenceException>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In C# 8.0, a [null-conditional](member-access-operators.md#null-conditional-operators--and-) expression doesn't include the null-forgiving operator. That is, expression `x?.y!.z` is parsed as `(x?.y)!.z`. Due to this interpretation, `z` is evaluated even if `x` is `null`, which may result in a <xref:System.NullReferenceException>.
```

Author: That's a good point @pkulikov I made some edits, but I did leave the word "unexpected" in. In this instance, it's appropriate.

Reviewer: @BillWagner thanks, then I have two nit-picks:
- Should "can interact" be "interacts"? As "can interact" suggests that it doesn't interact always like that
- Should "unexpected ways" be "unexpected way"?

> > In C# 8 the null-forgiving operator interacts with the [null-conditional operators](member-access-operators.md#null-conditional-operators--and-) in an unexpected way. The expression `x?.y!.z` is parsed as `(x?.y)!.z`. Due to this interpretation `z` is evaluated even if `x` is `null`, which may result in a <xref:System.NullReferenceException>.

Reviewer 2: I know commas are frequently optional in English. Comparing to the previous note, this note misses commas after "In C# 8" and "Due to this interpretation". It also lost the "For example" part. Not sure if it was intentional.

Author: It was not intentional. If you want to fix this in the same PR (along with the updated wording), I'll merge it.
